---
date: 2023-08-17T00:00:00.000Z
layout: post
title: Periyar-145 Events
subtitle: Celebrations on Sunday, 18.Sep.2023, 10 AM CST.
description: Encourage curious minds to question and reason fearlessly when something does not connect with the intellect…
image:  https://res.cloudinary.com/periyar142/image/upload/v1630450301/Events_v5cbtp.jpg
optimized_image: https://res.cloudinary.com/periyar142/image/upload/c_scale,w_380/v1630450301/Events_v5cbtp.jpg
category: events
tags:
  - youthprogram
author: Periyar-International
paginate: true
---

Lets celebrate Periyar 145 - the social revolutionary icon’s 145th birth anniversary.  Sep. is super special month that calls for celebration, Why? Remembering Dravidian History Month – as beneficiaries of his hard fought battle we are enjoying the fruits of his labor – the hard fought battle against social injustice – we have come a long way – our presence today is our way of giving thanks to him  - but the best way would be to uphold the values he stood for -  to establish a new egalitarian society, devoid of discrimination and dehumanization -  to annihilate the caste system and totally eradicate discrimination by birth in any form. To state it in simple terms, Liberty, Equality & Fraternity!!!

- [Speech](/Quote/)
- [Sing-a-Song](/padal/)
- [Dravidian Icons - Maruvedam](/maruvedam/)
- [Drawing](/Oviyam/)
- [Short Essay](/katturai/)
- [Kahoot!(Quiz)](/Kahoot/)
- [Run For Periyar](/runforperiyar/)

**Limited spots only! Click [here](/register/) to register immediately!!!**

# General Rules / Guidelines

 - **Registration Deadline** : The deadline for registration is by end of day on **Sunday, September 10, 2023**.
 -    **Submission Deadlines**: Submissions for the **Drawing** and **Short Essay** categories must be sent in no later than **Tuesday, September 12, 2023**.
 -    **Event Participation**: Each participant is allowed to take part in **only one** of the live events: *Speech, Sing-a-Song, and Dravidian   Icons- Maruvedam*.
 -    **Eligibility** : Eligibility is open to North American youths aged **5 to 21 years**.
 -    **Featured in Magazine**: Selected *Essays* and *Drawings* will be featured in the ***Periyar Pinju*** magazine.
 -  **Periyar Quote Sharing**: We strongly encourage all participants to share a Periyar quote at the beginning of their live event after  introducing themselves (A list of reference quotes will be sent separately to your registered email).
 -    **Awards and Certifications**: All participants will receive certifications and acknowledgments, with special awards for selected talents.