---
date: 2023-08-25T00:00:00.000Z
layout: post
title: Kahoot (Quiz)
subtitle: Join the Kahoot Quiz to Explore Periyar
description: >-
   Dive into Thanthai Periyar's life and ideals with our engaging Kahoot Quiz journey.
image: >-
    https://res.cloudinary.com/periyar142/image/upload/v1693800793/VinaadiVinaa_j0clms.jpg
optimized_image: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/periyar142/image/upload/c_scale,w_380/v1693800793/VinaadiVinaa_j0clms.jpg
category: Kahoot
tags:
 - Kahoot
 - events
author: Periyar-International
paginate: true
---

**Kahoot Quiz on Periyar: Show Your Talent!**

 - Join the Kahoot Quiz to explore Periyar.  
 - Quiz from [**Chapters IV & V (Pages 61-113)**](\assets\files\Periyar-Quiz.pdf) of Periyar 1000

**Who Can Participate:** Everyone are welcome! Even if you're taking part in other events, you can still join in the Kahoot Quiz fun. (The live event signup limit doesn’t apply here!)

**Access the Quiz:**

- Open a web browser on your computer or mobile device.
- Visit the [Kahoot! Website](https://www.kahoot.com){:target="_blank"} or use the Kahoot! app if it's already installed.

## Rules / Guidelines
- **Age eligibility** : Open to North American youth **8-21 years** old.
- **Join the Quiz:** You'll need a unique game PIN to participate in the Kahoot! quiz. The PIN will be provided on the event day before the quiz begins.
- **How to Join:** On the website or app's homepage, look for the option "Join a Game" or "Enter PIN." Click or tap on it.
- **Enter the Game PIN:** Type in the game PIN given by the host and hit "Enter" or the equivalent button.
- **Enter Your Name:** To be eligible for prizes, please enter your actual **First and Last Name** (no nicknames please).
- **Submit Your Name:** After typing your name, click or tap "Submit" or the equivalent.
- **Wait for the Quiz to Begin:** You'll be placed in the quiz's waiting room until the host starts the quiz.
- **Answer Questions:** Once the quiz starts, questions with answer choices will appear on your screen. To select an answer, click or tap on the corresponding colored shape on your device.
- **Score Points:** Each correct answer earns you points. The faster you answer, the more points you can earn.
- **Leaderboard Updates:** After each question, a leaderboard will display the scores of the top players.
- **Final Results:** When the quiz concludes, a final leaderboard will showcase the top players' scores.
- **Enjoy and Have Fun:** Kahoot! is not just about learning; it's also about having a blast while you're at it.

**Prizes Await!**

Special prizes will be awarded for exceptional performance in the Kahoot Quiz!

Let's dive into the world of Periyar and show your talent while having a great time!

**Click [here](/register/) to register**