---
date: 2023-09-17T00:00:00.000Z
layout: post
title: |
    Periyar 145 <br>
    Birthday Celebration
subtitle: 'Globalizing Periyar... Let us celebrate together!!! 
           Online event organized by Periyar International USA.'
description: >-
  Periyar International invites everyone to join virtually to celebrate Periyar's 145th birthday.
image: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/periyar142/image/upload/v1599445469/Ayya_p4dnwg.png
optimized_image: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/periyar142/image/upload/c_scale,w_380/v1599445469/Ayya_p4dnwg.png 
category: 'Invitation'
tags:
  - welcome
  - invitation
  - feature
author: Periyar-International
paginate: false
---

**Thanthai Periyar** – the father of Modern Dravidian movement – humanist at heart, a social revolutionary and true visionary who propounded rationalism and a fierce leader who defied all odds. Almost 5 decades after his passing, he stands tall and mighty even today... especially among youth... as a leader without borders and boundaries... he dedicated his entire life to the fight against inequality and social injustice in society. He was a champion of social justice all through his life striving to establish an egalitarian society. Casteism in the Indian society is one where people are discriminated and enslaved right from birth. The Indian Caste system was dictated and cleverly manipulated by the Hindu religious doctrine which sets a top-down, a social structure of graded inequality and oppression that differentiates individuals based on their family of birth and social standing.

September is a super special month that calls for celebration...Why?- **coz.. it's the 145th birth anniversary of the iconic leader. Let's celebrate Periyar 145!!!  Remembering Dravidian History Month!** As beneficiaries,  we are enjoying the fruits of his labor – due to his hard fought battle against social injustice, we have come a long way – our presence today is our way of giving thanks to him. Indeed the best way would be to uphold the values he stood for -is to join in the fight to establish a new egalitarian society, devoid of discrimination and dehumanization, to annihilate the caste system and totally eradicate discrimination by birth in any form. To state it in simple terms, **Liberty, Equality & Fraternity!!!**

Last year, we successfully engaged about 125 students in a speech competition about Periyar & his legacy as a dauntless warrior and social justice stalwart. Kids spoke eloquently about why the need for Periyar exists even today. This year, we would like to give it a creative spin – by hosting events to help you showcase your talent – be it acting, poetry, essay writing or drawing. Something different.... but our baseline still remains the same – Remembering Periyar, the iconic leader who spent his entire life to uplift the down & depressed... by being the torchbearers of his Social Justice and Equality ideologies/philosophy.